# Software-Development-Lifecycle
#How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
It is essential to collect as much information from the user as possible to develop a thorough understanding of the requirements of each project. Interpreting user needs accurately will be necessary to develop a great project. I will need to speak with the user and/or observe the user in their day to day work so that I can efficiently develop the project. User requirements will be discussed and then documented. These requirements will then be formed into user stories which are used to develop more insight into each requirement and give the developers a view from the user's perspective. Creating user stories for each requirement gives the developers a good understanding of what is being asked and also gives them a purpose for each requirement. 

#How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
In order to begin developing a program, I must first begin with planning and analysis. This will give me a good insight on the purpose and requirements of the project. Then, I would begin designing models to represent the project. These would include UML diagrams which would break down the project into sequences, use cases, or classes to give the developers a better understanding of the sysytem. Then comes development and testing where the actual code is written and tested to make sure all requirements are met. At this point, the program should be ready to deploy. 

#What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
In software development, effective teamwork is crucial in creating a well developed product. To be a good team member means to be responsible, motivated, reliable, goal oriented, and selfless. A good team member will be able to communicate openly and transparently. It is also essential for a good team member to understand their roles and responsiblities. 
